Release notes for XTC 75 (#210)
Xceptance/xlt-documentation: content/en/xtc/xtc-release-notes/v75.md

---
title: XTC v75
linkTitle: XTC v75

weight: 141
type: docs

date: 2023-11-17

description: 2023-11-21

sitemap:
  changefreq: never
  priority: 0.1
---

## Load Testing

* The *Dashboard* page of a load testing project now shows some charts to visualize how many load tests have a certain state or rating.

> * The *Recent Load Tests* section of the *Dashboard* page has been enhanced. It now shows all load tests in the last 24 hours or, if there were none, the most recent load test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The *Recent Load Tests* section of the *Dashboard* page has been enhanced. It now shows all load tests that completed within the last 24 hours or, if there were none, the most recent completed load test.
```
